very good and so what is your long-term
vision here that you have in terms of
where you are looking to head with your
with your like online e-learning
strategy in general not you to meet
specific you know one another picture
where you're looking to head long-term
my big picture is to be able to remain
at home with the kids and you know stay
afloat but to be able to get decent
living our time and I know it's doable
because I know I have to leave before
and after that everything else is a
bonus I don't really I'm just kind of
take one day yeah I do have a you know
I'm talking about a planned two years
where I know I make an X and being an
accountant I have a business plan that's
kind of the type of person so in that
way I'm both I still no obstacles what
i'm saying is going to happen in two
years might actually take because
there's just something as our time when
you're doing it on your own it's like a
true and I'm sure you know about
yourself
obviously I'd like you to meet you run a
whole lot smoother for me right now and
have a whole lot more bottom line that I
to show for it but in a leg with you my
background computer programmer and
online presence in the digital marketing
in you know marketing any this kind of
told him that it's the type of a thing
that as you go and just as they arise
yeah it is it is kind of like that I'm
there is going to be challenges there's
always going to be challenges
one of the challenges I had recently was
on YouTube I gotta do kitchen are used
to record I can no longer because of all
my card I made it the whole course not
even my other courses have just been
approved
you know whole course I had to remake
the whole course of obviously you know
there's always kind of life and that's
what makes it fun there right away that
I was going to go back to work as an
accountant but that would take the fun
of it with excellent so it's you know
I'm glad that you took the time to share
your experience to share your plans how
you dress the various challenges that
you encountered and you know to the
putting in place in the future you know
I think it is an interesting thing to
get to hear about somebody who's had to
change things around you know these
things were for you know no children
mountains in corporate environments
might not be important to their children
and you're just once again in this
situation that you're having to build
something from the ground up and just go
with it and just having dad that you can
do it and you will get the pieces
together overall to you know I am one of
these optimistic dreams if you have a
way to get a deal with whatever you need
to do there to get those pieces together
so I wanna give people a chance if
there's any other questions that you and
if you would like me to ask go ahead and
put comment question in the year because
we'll be wrapping stuff up here in a bit
now to make sure that they had their
chance to get their questions answered
so I decided that what what are your
plans here which are going to be doing I
know you mentioned business-wise in the
New Year year did you are you want to
take a seat you can actually see if it's
rather let's welcome John